Adjust import source admin upload (#2916)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/long-files-compile.md

---
"@comet/cms-admin": patch
---

> Enable setting importSource for each individual file in the uploadFiles function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable setting `importSourceId` and `importSourceType` for each individual file in the uploadFiles function
```
